https://codepen.io/SraFly/pen/PoPeVXb?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? it gives meaning to the web page.
    2. What is HTML used for? To structure the content
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? it gives more meaning to different texts and sections.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? it's a headline, or the most important text. Usually only used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <html>
    7. What is an id? an identification. it's unique
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any of them
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Should only be once.
    10. What is a class? less specific than an id
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? It's designed to encompass a few things that you want to be the same
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? right click the link and select open in new tab.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? It gives text to an image that won't display for someone.
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? a section is used to discribe a section, where a div is used for a division. Div is only used when nothing else can discribe it.
    17. What is CSS used for? To make the page look good
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page  h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. An id is very specific, typically used for one specific line of text that will have unique qualities. You would use this if you have 2 different h1's, but you only want one to be centered. A class is used in a broader spectrum where you want, for example, all paragraphs to look and act the same.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It selects the parent or child of an attribute. it's useful when you want to select the children of certain sections.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? It's used to style an element that is in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
         border-style: dotted;
         border-size: 1px;
         border-color: black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? look at the line above it
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm Be careful because you may break your computer.
    34. Why should I use version control? so you can go back to older saves to fix bugs.
    35. How often should I commit to github? when there's a change done to a section of code.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
            Fork, to make own version of project
            Add TL as a colaberator
            clone it
            create a branch with first and last Name
            add tl as reveiwer
            tl will mark done and merge 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? inline elements  can be written in a single line, and are usually used for lines of text. block elements will show a break in the code
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? it is in a position responsive to the rest of the body.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
